The most useless thing I've ever found
in Minecraft is actually useful. Let me
explain. A few weeks ago, I invented my
Magnum Opus, a farm that gets zero items
per hour, but gives the player the
satisfaction of killing villagers no
matter where they are in the world. And
you might think that that's easy. Just
chunkload an area with villager breeders
and drop them from high up. But that
doesn't give the player kill credit. My
design does, meaning that without doing
anything, my villagers killed statistic
is going up. This works because I found
that a piercing arrow can pierce five
mobs before breaking. But if you send it
through a Nether portal, its counter
resets, letting you pierce five more
mobs. So, I sent this arrow through the
Nether repeatedly, letting me kill
villagers infinitely without being
nearby. And while this tech is cool, I
couldn't find any real use for it aside
from killing villagers. But this guy
found one. Resin is both a useful
temporary block and a nice building
block, but it normally requires the
player to obtain. This is because resin
only spawns when a player damages a
creaking. And there's no way to damage a
creaking without the player being nearby
until now. Because you can use the
infinite arrow to hit the creaking to
farm resin.